hotline League is brought to you by open
by HP all right so what's not the one oh
did we give up on Broden for now
no he's spreadin bro hello Brodin where
are you calling from do you hear me now
yes I'm calling from my bedroom okay I
just wanted to say as the former content
creator for the late great team Dragon
Knights I am one with you guys we are
all content creators as ah Brendan do
you have any questions for these team
content Rodin's for those that don't
know could be a team content creator if
you wanted to instead he works with me
so I don't know how comfortable Breton
is with me disclosing it but I've
decided to do that anyway
Ronan why have you decided not to be any
of the people that are on this because
you you could potentially be repping one
of these teams so I decided not to join
a team because I felt very constricted
working with these same five players
which is as as I heard earlier in the
stream like if the players don't do well
you're cuffed to just create kind of the
same narrative unless you can find some
player that will change everyone's
attention from their losing streak you
know like with team Dragon Knights for
example they were losing basically every
game and it's like that was the story
every day it was like how do you guys
feel we feel shitty okay are you gonna
do anything differently yeah we'll play
better and that's it you know yeah so so
do you think Brodin that these guys
should feel envious to the fact that
they just have to work with players
instead of being able to work with me
well I mean there's pros and cons like
the pros to working with the team is
that you have unlimited access to them
well hypothetically unlimited access
whereas being a third party you don't
always like have the resources that you
would hope you have I just bought a
drone hey keep that I'm not gonna touch
that yet
that being said like being a third party
you can like we can make a video with
every team in it if we wanted to you
know yeah yeah yeah do you have a
question for any of these guys cuz it
would be nice of Vital just sat down
today he's had to sit here and hear you
talking about section work for teams and
why it's great working with me do you do
you have a question for you these guys
or anything you wanna say I interact
with your players because and your sole
character in your pieces you know yeah
anyone yeah so you're something but the
question was basically how do you guys
interact with your players do you ask
them to do stuff for you sometimes like
hey can you walk this way or can I get
the shot or do you you know do you ever
talk to them or do you just like fly on
the wall are we all robots today yeah no
I heard Travis just fine yeah no one
else is a robot besides brother please
somebody answer the question vital okay
Idol how do you divide Allah first
because I there's a hilarious story here
Vidal started shooting for Team Liquid
and Peter likes to walk up and interact
with Damien all the time
I get the feeling at cloud 9 no one ever
did that because Damien whatever he
and hung out with me and Peter when we
got lunch was like vital keeps asking
why you're walking up on him Peter now
thinks he can't talk to vital at all so
cuz I'm like really sarcastic with Peter
because Peter is sarcastic you know so
like I'm doing like this super meta
sarcasm where he just takes everything
seriously
how can he get butthurt okay but it's
working yeah so but vital how much do
you interact when you're shooting with
the guys and and all that stuff I don't
know like I think it's just random like
I don't try to interact with anybody
that kind of just my my own business you
know but I feel like every now and then
they'll kind of like find out that oh
like double its like Street Fighter you
know I'm a street fighter fan you know
so I kind of just bring it up you know
when it's appropriate to you know that's
it I don't really just my mom business I
don't try to like get all in their face
you know have that space yeah
max how how what's it like for you
working with the TSM guys for me I'm
lucky I guess because our team goes to
like almost all of the events that you
could possibly go to
I'm except like that one MSI and some
im's we didn't decide to go to but in
the Oh Jake's place after group stage at
Worlds true yes and then you know so
I've just been able to hang out with
them you know when we're not filming
anything and you know I I'd like to say
that I've gotten close enough to most of
the guys that I'd probably invite them
you know to my wedding if I ever got
married like that's how deep it goes I
guess like we just talk a lot and yeah
they're all pretty pleasant never had a
bad experience with any of the players
even when like stuff is really bad like
we'll just talk about non leak stuff and
yeah I'll pretty friendly yeah I have a
question for my who would you say you're
the closest to as far as players right
now too soon yeah probably big just cuz
I've known him the longest and then but
like besides beard maybe yeah I guess
Kevin second Lucas yeah what's it like
like you said you'd invite these guys to
your wedding what happens when the
players leave like are they off the
wedding invite list or
that work when their what when they
leave the team so like Peter no no no
Dennis and like Vincent Peter specially
like they were on the team like two
years so yeah most guys that were on the
team you know I'm pretty close with them
so even if you don't talk much now like
you know players don't talk to each
other when like they jump teams so I
don't get to talk to them that much now
but uh you know I'd say it's still
pretty friendly Gabe how much in act
with players 100 T depends on the
situation you know if they're all joking
around and stuff I mostly want to
capture that you know I it's fun to be a
part of it you have those are the
moments that you want to capture most
the most inviting parts are like what
you want to capture because it's easy to
go and jump in and talk but it's like oh
this is so genuinely this is something I
want to record so I find myself like
either like replying or asking question
in those situations that keep it going
but ultimately you know when the camera
is not running and I don't have one in
my hand they're just that great guys you
know um I don't know someday Ryu like
there is some theory you are that like
the to heart is a talk with but uh you
know they're they're fun
I always bug them about something or
just like yell their name that's a good
way to get their attention and just be
like hey you look great today
um so will Cody and Zachary just
ultimately really good people and so
it's C so easy to get along with them so
I think actually we're pretty lucky the
three of our teams are have such a
person eyes that are just more I guess
normal in a sense yeah so yeah I was
trying to ask
Rodin's actual question Travis when he
was saying have you guys ever had to
like force them to do something she was
saying how much of it is being on a
flying ball in terms of shooting less
about personal relationships so have you
guys ever had to like really fake
something like just like you guys really
need to like set up a situation make
them say some
maybe some sponsor stuff that was just
like horrible is there any like memory
you have about that stuff yeah I
remember I had to do like a HCC video
with sneaky of him just saying like
certain expressions while saying same so
yeah you know it was just like so hard
to capture it
just like the simplest thing just saying
one word if no luckily on liquid and on
100 thieves now it yeah I've never
really had to force them to say anything
it's all just pretty genuine if I like
didn't have the camera on in time all of
you say ask them they're like like what
did you say like but not like a weird
like say that again this needs to be
recorded yeah and if I miss it than I
miss it then I just kind of goes out the
window you kind of just adapt to it you
don't really make the players do
anything that they're not really normal
to me unless it's like a deliverable and
then everyone needs to like you know get
pied in the face or something something
weird like then no a documentary series
it's pretty much always what happens and
nothing's really forced one of the
things I'm actually kind of curious
Broun's on the call but I'm afraid of
when he's gonna start talking again but
it sounds like he's okay
but Brodin and I I often talk to Britain
about where I say that this is like a
new realization and I think I've talked
to Gabe a little bit about it where I
feel like with the content that I'm
producing and that Brad and I are
producing that we can cheat because you
guys are kind of limited to just sort of
following and filming the players and
what they're doing right you can't be
like hey I want to shoot this awesome
intro sequence of you guys getting ready
to go to LCS so let's hang out for two
hours before LCS starts and then you
know make sure that the shots are all
right and like make sure that we get you
like do this take where you roll over
and see a body pillow four times or
whatever and in you guys are kind of
limited to sort of just filming what
they're doing so is that what you know
what do you guys think like are you guys
is that frustrating to you do you wish
that you could get the guys to do more
stuff and sort of do that is it does it
is there a point in time where you're
just like oh man like it just sucks that
like the only thing I can ever capture
is what these guys are doing or do you
figure out ways to make it work what
mechs are oh yeah I think we have decent
enough access to them already to you
know and just time after scrims like
they can do stuff like for sponsor stuff
or other things for legends if I need it
like a shot
of Buicks and just standing in a garage
so I can make him look like Sandra with
balls floating around him you know it's
just I guess I get what you mean like we
only have what they're doing to film but
I don't really need much beyond that
honestly but like I still wouldn't want
to interrupt like their scrims and you
know tell the coach like hey can we do
one less screen block so I can get this
thing like I would never do that so yeah
or just be letting it's taking you guys
argued just again that way that was
really good but like I was out of focus
on the shot and so